Mom
Why do you suddenly want me to divorce Ruisheng?
Shut up who is your mother
Don't pee and take pictures of yourself
Look at you like this.
The yellow-faced woman who only knows laundry and cooking
Are you worthy of my son?
And haven't you seen the news?
My son got your commendation.
have a successful career
Worth over a billion
Even the daughter with the down payment deserves it.
Look, you have been married to our Gu family for so many years
It's the same thing.
This is the face for our family.
But your family was too poor to open the pot at first
It was me who appeared in the hot city to open the company, you give up
Do you have any self-knowledge?
I buy this crap every day.
You still have money to help my son start a company
I'll tell you what.
You and my son
Not from the same world at all
I advise you not to be shameless
Hurry up and sign these administrative letters
Get out of the house
Mom, this is what you mean.
I don't believe it.
Ruicheng won't divorce me
I want to hear it from him.
How thick-skinned you are!
Survive to see if I don't kill you
What's the noise?
Dean, come here
Explain it to mom
You don't want to divorce me, do you?
I was going to give you some toughness
I never thought you were so shameless
Since you want to ask me
Then I'll tell you.
I brought up the divorce
I have found someone worthy of my life